{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1. The folders and files are well-organized in general. I couldn't find the result folder but you might remove it because it's empty. I'm also not sure about what "population-dynamics_files" is. 2. Your code follows the tidyverse style and is easy to understand with comments. 3. The only suggestion I have is that the output for Chunk 9 is less readable, and you might want to change the way you present the results\
\
\
\
Regarding the organization of files, since you manually moved the html output to the doc folder, you should remember to also move the _files folder or to change the compilation options for the html file to be self-contained. For the code you have decided to modify that is not in used you may delete it. While commenting out code in case you may needed later is probably a good idea in the absence of version control, once you start to use version control, it will become clearer to take it off. As long as you are committing your changes regularly, it will be easy to still recover things if you change your mind about the implementation. Regarding the style, the only comment is that you may introduce additional spaces in several blocks of code to align similar types of objects. For example in lines 78-80, and similar blocks. The text you included around the code in the answers lets the reader know what is being done in each code chunk, but does not give answers to the questions. Lastly, note that you changed the names of the data files to lower case, but your script still has them with the first letter capitalized. Thus, your code does not compile as is at the moment. You have done a great job working through the notebook to align things with the style.}